RaceCar
-------

A ``RaceCar`` object should automatically move horizontally across the window It
is a specialization of the typical ``Car`` object since it varies its speed as
it moves.

Through inheritance, RaceCar objects include attributes from the ``Locatable``,
``Movable``, and ``Dodgeable`` classes. You should reference the documentation
pages of these classes when implementing each race car's behavior in your game.

.. py:class:: RaceCar(x, y, w, h, dx, dy, mins, maxs)

   .. py:attribute:: x

       The starting x value of the position of the race car. This should be used
       as its left edge (as defined in pygame).

       You have a few options for where to place a race car when the game
       begins. Most find it useful to randomize this position to some value
       within the width of the window.

       :type x: int or float

   .. py:attribute:: y

       The y value of the position of the race car. This should be used as its
       top edge (as defined in pygame).

       To determine the y value of a race car, think of what road lane you want
       to place it in and use its value.

       :type y: int or float

   .. py:attribute:: w

       The width of the race car.

       :type w: int or float

   .. py:attribute:: h

       The height of the race car.

       :type h: int or float

   .. py:attribute:: dx

       The desired x value of the race car. It is the point in the x dimension
       toward which the race car will automatically move.

       Ideally, this should be set to some value off of the screen so that it
       appears to continue driving. We will reset the race car's position once
       it is off of the screen but we don't want the user to notice that we
       reset it.

       :type dx: int or float

   .. py:attribute:: dy

       The desired y value of the race car. It is the point in the y dimension
       toward which the race car will automatically move.

       Since the race car should only move horizontally, we do not want its y
       value to change. To ensure this, we recommend you set the desired y using
       the starting y value described above.

       :type dy: int or float

   .. py:attribute:: mins

       The minimum speed of the race car. Its speed wil dynamically vary between
       this value and the given maxs value (see below).

       :type s: int or float

   .. py:attribute:: maxs

       The maximum speed of the race car. Its speed wil dynamically vary between
       the given mins value (see above) and this value.

       :type s: int or float
